                        BitTorrent Sync

BitTorrent Sync lets you sync and share an unlimited number of files
and folders across all of your trusted devices.

How to start Sync
-----------------

After extracting this tarball, just run:

  $ ./btsync

to start the Sync daemon.
Then go to localhost:8888 in a web browser to access the WebUI.

IMPORTANT NOTE:
To improve security, the LAN listening interface is off unless you configure it.
By default the WebUI is only accessible on the computer running Sync
(localhost:8888). In order to have the WebUI accessible across the
LAN, use a configuration file or start Sync this way:

  $ ./btsync --webui.listen 0.0.0.0:8888


Some useful options
-------------------

--config <path to configuration file>
		 Use a configuration file.

--dump-sample-config
		Print an example configuration file.

--nodaemon
		Do not start Sync as a daemon.

--help
		For more options


Important changes in 1.4
------------------------

  * Secrets are now called Keys.
    When we are referring to the cryptographic token which links
    people’s folders together to synchronize, we no longer refer to
    Secrets, we are now using the word Key.

  * Links have been introduced as the preferred method of sharing. 

    To add a Link to the WebUI, click on Enter Link and paste the link.
    To copy a Link, click the “Share” button and click “Copy”, then 
    return to the WebUI to approve anyone who has clicked the link!

    A Link is a special URL which enables a user to: set a limit on 
    the length of time a link is valid for, set a limit on the number
    of uses of a link, and require approval of the recipient by the sender.
    This Link contains a special introduction key, the size of the shared
    folder as well as the shared folder’s name. 

  * “Copy Key” is off by default.
    If you prefer to use Keys, go to Preferences / Advanced and click 
    the “Show pop-up menu, ‘Copy Key’ ” checkbox. Now the "Copy Key" option 
    will appear in the folder options menu for each folder.

  * WebUI only accessible by localhost by default.
    See IMPORTANT NOTE in the "How to start Sync" section


Known issue
-----------

When using https to access the WebUI, several reloads might be
necessary to load the page fully.


Downloading
-----------

Get the latest version of Sync at http://getsync.com/downloads


Documentation
-------------

http://sync-help.bittorrent.com/
http://forum.bittorrent.com/forum/107-bittorrent-sync/


© 2014 BitTorrent, Inc.
